Independent
Take the lead, take the lead, take the lead
Turn around, turn around
To the edge of the era, to the edge of the era
Love, love, take the lead
My love, time, until the end
If we're apart, we'll be apart
Then let's meet again
Drowning in the music
I admit my imperfect self
A fiction of a dream that's easy to come by
A lie and a true story
Forgive me for being a loser
I don't care, I'll live on in this stage
High tension of the dark night
I can't be quiet without rap
Love me, love me, just take me
Love me, love me, take me
Love me, love me, I'm so familiar
Tell me, tell me, take me here
Yeah
Love me, love me, I'm so familiar
The best, the best, it's always
I won't be fooled, I won't be fooled
I won't let you be the target
I'll be in love, I'll be in love, I'll be struggling
I'll be drinking a lot of pampas
Farewell, let's meet again
I was buying cats.
Continue.
Suddenly, a policeman came to talk to me.
Two, three more people.
If I get caught like this, the cat will die.
It was a decision I shouldn't have made.
I'm the only one who knows that I'm buying.
In Iwate Prefecture, Morioka City, March 2016.
The case of the two women and their mother being found at home.
Morioka Prefecture has been using the suspect Oe Keita as a bait to commit the murder.
This is the case.
Oe escaped from the police station and ran into his house.
The police found a bloody knife.
The current case is the second half of the case.
The DNA test later shows that the blood of the murderer and the DNA of the victim are the same.
The defense has consistently denied the crime.
Even the evidence of the murderer...
I picked it up. It's not mine.
That's impossible.
Because you refused to eat because you wanted to look behind, right?
No. He was in a bad mood because he used drugs.
Is that a trauma?
Even if it is, he picked it up.
The bloody knife? Why?
He said he was going to deliver it to the police later.
Later?
I know. It's impossible to say everything.
But the situation of the Oe family...
Considering the NPO staff working in the dormitory, it seems impossible.
NPO staff?
They mainly provide shelter and self-support to the elderly.
The Oe family was there to take care of them as a job.
But they don't pay him.
He gets paid in installments and he only receives food and lunch.
Nevertheless, he receives 50,000 yen a month as his rent.
That's crazy.
It seems that the residents have a lot of money.
The reason is that the order of the security guard was delayed.
It's a bad decision to call the security guard.
The police and the ambulance will be a nuisance to the neighbors.
The organization is quite gray.
Yes, it's almost black gray.
But, after the disaster recovery fund has been transferred,
the number of NPO officials who are suspicious of the operation has increased.
It's not surprising that the crisis is falling.
The possibility of the government's support for Shiro is 12%.
First, the organization's activities and tax credit,
First, we need to check the company's activities and tax returns.
We need to check all the tenants' accounts.
I'll ask the boss about the situation, so you can continue investigating.
Don't you think my burden is too big?
Can I buy a cat?
A cat?
I'm a black cat, but I do a lot of things.
I'm a criminal.
And murdering people is not a good thing, and you could get a death sentence.
It's a waste of time.
Hey, Mr. Sun, why did you take this case?
It's okay sometimes.
I'm not good at easy jobs.
Not sometimes!
I'm just saying what I think.
Hahaha, so you're still the same.
It's hard when a boss is not interested in money.
I wouldn't say that you should start a cafe as a side job like Takagi-san.
But as usual have you been like this for a long time No it actually worse than before Yes When he was at home I was in charge of the dangerous driving
Oh, the drinking driving.
The defendant was 19 years old,
and drinking and driving were forced on the people at work.
But the person in charge was forced to talk to them,
and they couldn't get a fine,
and they couldn't get a bail.
I told you I'd be innocent!
I just said I'd do something to get the prosecution's attention.
I didn't say I'd be innocent.
You're done with this, right?
Stop being a criminal defense lawyer.
The weak are the strong.
That's a good thing, but...
You don't understand the courts and the police.
You're not a good judge.
You're not a good lawyer.
Well, it's fine.
We're the only ones who have a limit, without the understanding of the courts and the police.
We won't continue until the client is displeased.
They are being cornered both economically and mentally.
It's not impossible for me to win.
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I...
Sky
The
In fl somewhere
I'm...
Inelf...
...Independent.
Really?
comedian
One that I've got
Terrible
Inaho
The secret to now
Can a
The
stolen items were not found in Oe-san's room.
There was someone who went missing after the crime in the NPO.
And the crime was predicted from the body,
and Oe-san was on the convenience store security camera.
I'm glad Oe-san didn't commit suicide.
Thank you very much, Dr. Higuruma.
Please forgive me.
Besides, you're still young.
You still have a long way to go.
It's not that...
Thank you for trusting me.
I'll see it with those eyes.
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I have not been a victim of the evil.
I have not given up on the fact that I have been wronged.
That is the only thing that has not been fixed.
The goddess of justice has closed her eyes for the sake of equality.
I will close my eyes for the sake of justice, and close my eyes for the sake of people's security.
In the meantime, I will not let go of the hand that has been clinging to me.
I want to keep my eyes open.
If this verdict is not approved, please submit the statement of appeal within 15 days including today.
I'm sorry.
Mr. Sun Wheel?
All of you, get back!
Let's start over.
The next day
The sun wheel is in Shinjuku...
...Ikebukuro.
Shinjuku...
Itadori is heading there too.
Ikebukuro?
Is Shiguro there too?
Isn't it a bit late?
When will that child
bring the next bird?
The End
What the hell?
What the hell No no no it not working at all No no no it not working at all Then what is it Like this like this
Why are you so quiet?
You can just laugh and have fun.
Ah, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't say it.
Why don't you understand?
Are you stupid?
I don't study or exercise often, but I have a high pride.
I just have to keep my spirits up and not get hurt.
That way, I won't be a burden to other people.
Sometimes I can have good thoughts.
Stop it.
There's another idiot.
That student, Nishichu?
Is he a junior?
Projection
Objection
Model
Content
AAAAAAAAGH!
You...
M-me?
Hey!
What?
If you're going to go through Ikebukuro and head to Shinjuku, stop.
There's a lot of supplies around here.
The chance of encountering the player increases.
There are two reasons for me to pass through here.
The road is easy to understand.
There is my base nearby.
Let me take a shower.
I haven't rested well since yesterday.
The fire engine is based on this theater.
I wish it hadn't moved.
Oh, you saved me.
Thank you.
Wait!
What?
Are you really going?
I want to meet up with my friends, but I'm in a hurry.
I've never met a sun wheel before, but that Haba-san was once beaten by a Kotenpan.
Then it's okay.
I won the head-to-head, so I can run away.
See you later.
No...
I'm going to say it.
I can't do this anymore.
I'm sorry, Itadori.
Kiguruma...
Unfortunately, I'm Reggie.
You were tricked.
What's with that face? I'm not scared at all.
I'm telling you, Lady-
Don't talk.
Time is a waste.
Who are you? What are you doing there?
You too.
Have you ever taken a bath in your clothes?
No.
I thought so. It feels good.
That's right.
I liked the class of diving in the sea when I was in elementary school.
I've been thinking about doing something that I shouldn't do.
I've been out of luck for over 30 years.
You laugh?
It's a little funny.
You're a sunshade, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
I want to talk to you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm a lawyer.
If you talk to me, you'll get a 30-minute consultation fee of 5,000 yen.
What?
No, I'm just kidding.
I just wanted to answer some of the bad lawyers.
I see.
This guy from earlier...
You have a 100-point score, right?
He's not a past Jutsu master who was killed.
He's a modern Jutsu master whose Jutsu style has evolved.
We can talk. There's room for negotiation.
Well, you passed, you passed.
Huh?
It's fine now, I understand.
That Shikigami is quite strong.
You're strong, aren't you?
If you're weak, you can just kill him and that's it.
It's fine, you can be my friend.
What's that?
I didn't hear you.
What do you mean?
How much do you know about the Shimezu Kaiyuu?
It's a ritual, right?
I and my school give them us the mana to inc Daw tamam
k don I want to end the Shime Oh Tama We want to end the Shimezu Kaiyuu Oh Tanma Rather than ending it I want to make the competition for this match a no
Please let me use 100 points of the fireball in addition to the rules for that.
I'll just say it for the record.
I refuse.
Is that a joke?
No, I just feel the possibility of the Shime-tsukaiyuu. Sometimes the law is powerless.
But what about the rules of the Shime-tsukaiyuu? If the power given to me is real, the rules are real too, right?
I'm using the power of the player you just mentioned. It's probably bluffing.
What?
No, I think it's a plan of second and third place rather than bluffing.
The basis is three.
The number of players, the ability of the players, and the rules of the barrier.
If about 1,000 players are evenly divided into 10 colonies, each colony has 100 players.
However, among the players and the sorcerers, there are some who are as weak as a fireball or a fireball.
Only these two have already been divided into 60 sorcerers.
There must be someone in each colony who looks like them.
Only the strong remain in the early stage.
The death row is approaching.
I felt it for sure.
The barrier is too quiet.
Already.
At least here, in Tokyo No. 1.
In addition, the transfer when you enter the colony.
There must be a purpose to scatter people.
The most important thing is to encourage the early double awakening of modern magicians.
Some people die from the transfer.
If you really want to use the power of the player, you should want to fight more and more magicians for longer and longer.
No need for the national and the national.
If the one who broke the rules is punished like the physical law without fighting the truth, isn't that wonderful?
I admit that the rules are problematic, but I want to keep an eye on the system of the Kaiyus.
It's not going to end soon.
I want to see the rule 2 and 8, especially the rule of the Jutsu.
I think if the rules are broken, you'll die.
The death of the Kaiyus is a ritual.
If you keep doing that, all the people in this country will die.
You're a hypocrite. The death of the Kaiyus is a song of the Eizoku.
I don't understand that either.
I'll change the way I say it.
Use the Hundred Points!
Higuruma!
You killed someone you don't like.
It feels better than I thought.
Shikigami.
Higuruma has 100 points.
This cyberpunk can need 20 people dead.
I don't want to start anything without a end.
But I'm ahead of the game.
I'll still face push from the index corners.
Gravel deployments...
originate from the Cryptex.
Chapter 2 The
Gale of the
Tzu
影が一つうろたえている
それはまるで許しを買うようで情けない
蒔いた種が咲き始める
あなたが冷たくなっていく
伸ばした手のひらが空を切る
元通りにはなりませんか
I'm being swallowed up by the waves that push me forward
I'm going forward while destroying the future
Will the end come?
If I'm crushed, torn apart, and scattered in a mess
I'm not afraid of anything, because it's already empty
So, I'm sure that you'll erase this day for sure
I don't want anything anymore
I'm afraid to lose it again
It's almost morning, but the fog remains unhealed
I'll face it while certainly tracing the outline that doesn't sink
CYTAR